Here's the feedback on the overall thesis, I still have to reach chapter 2 !

X Title page … Eoin Hurrell, B.Sc. (hons)

X Check the DCU regulations on margin sizes - I think they are 1" all around and yours look less than that … I could be wrong, I'm reading it from a screen, but its just the kind of thing the Registry would use to send the thesis back to you, in DECEMBER !

After the list of figures but before Chapter 1, add a subsection with your own publications

X page 10, you spelled your name wrong !

X Footnotes seem to reset to numbering at 1 at the start of each chapter, see if you can continue the footnote numbering

X Page 44, table 3.1, you're missing a '|' in the table format definition, rightmost vertical column, and make the Std.Dev column 'c' for centered

X Page 23, footnote 9, you seem to use \url here but not in other places and on page 47 you forgot http:// in footnote 5. Be consistent in using \url in footnotes

X Page 63, table 3.4 has unneeded bars descending, likewise table 3.5 on page 64

X Page 67, 4th line of 3.11.1 after the reference, needs a space

X Throughout … do a global substitution of "et al." to "{\em et al.}"

X Several places you refer to collaborative-filtering (with hyphen) … do a global substitute and replace hyphen with a space

Page 80-ish .. can you add a picture of a person wearing the EEG kit 

X Page 93 section 4.4.1 is empty, and start of 4.5 says "In this paper …" change to "in this section …"

X Page 94, last line, 2 references to same paper, merge into 1, unless one is a mistake

X Page 102, line 3, delete '.' 

X Page 142, start of para .. "From An HCI perspective

X Bibliography .. be consistent in how you refer to authors, use E. Hurrell for example, so fix refs by the following: 

X Gediminas Adomavicius and Alexander Tuzhilin.
Xavier Amatriain, Neal Lathia, Josep M. Pujol, Haewoon Kwak, and Nuria Oliver.
… etc., several more

Salton and Buckley ref needs publisher

You'll aslo need to fix captialisation and "force" it into the citation using {{ }} around the field in BiBTeX and in general the BiBFile could do with work to fill in gaps in fields, This can be done AFTER submission but before viva.

Need more details on "E. Hurrell and A.F. Smeaton. An examination of user-focused context-gathering techniques in recommendation interfaces. 2012." and also the next one in FLAIRS .. expand out FLAIRS, give location, date, page numbers


Looking good !
